[docs] Fix broken links to expo/fyi (#19376)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/notifications.mdx

The **`expo-notifications`** provides an API to fetch push notification tokens and to present, schedule, receive and respond to notifications.

> > Migrating from Expo's `LegacyNotifications` module? [Here's a guide to help make the transition as easy as possible](https://github.com/expo/fyi/blob/master/LegacyNotifications-to-ExpoNotifications.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Migrating from Expo's `LegacyNotifications` module? [Here's a guide to help make the transition as easy as possible](https://expo.fyi/legacy-notifications-to-expo-notifications).
```

BTW. Maybe, in general we should use the short form to avoid the extension problem in general?

Author: Yep, that is great!

I didn't pay much attention to the short form links and yeah with it, you are right, the extension problem is gone. I'll update rest of the docs. Thanks for the suggestion 🙏
